Split integrate.md to itself and ingress-integration.md (#713)
canonical/traefik-k8s-operator: docs/how-to/integrate.md

Reviewer: ````suggestion
```{code-block} python
:caption: src/charm.py
````
Careful with incorporating this suggestion through GitHub -- suggestions with multiple backticks are sometimes incorrectly formatted. I would suggest incorporating this suggestion manually.

But the idea is that I would like to remove as many comments as possible in this code block while also keeping the Python coloring intact.

Reviewer: I think we should add another sentence here that the user will need to pack their charm (or repack the charm) once they've made these changes to their `charm.py` file

Author: I have added a sentence mentioning the charm needs to be repacked once the charm code is modified.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Deploy your charm alongside `traefik-k8s` and integrate them.

Use the `show-proxied-endpoints` action to get a list of the
```
My issue with the current text is that it makes a bunch of assumptions about the user's next steps that aren't explicitly laid out in the guide. So I think we should be more authoritative about what the user should do instead of assuming

> # How to integrate

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# How to integrate your charm to Traefik
```
Nit, my worry with the current title is that it's very ambiguous about what type of integrating we're doing in the guide

Traefik provides ingress to other charmed applications. If a charm integrates with Traefik, it can delegate the responsibility of providing ingress to Traefik.

> See {ref}`Ingress-related integrations <reference_ingress_integrations>` for more details on the Traefik charm ingress-related integrations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See {ref}`Ingress-related relations <reference_ingress_integrations>` for more details on the Traefik charm ingress-related relations.
```
My understanding is that we should use "relation" for the noun and "integrate" for the verb

- [`ingress`](https://charmhub.io/traefik-k8s/libraries/ingress)
- [`ingress_per_unit`](https://charmhub.io/traefik-k8s/libraries/ingress_per_unit)

> The following steps assume we want to use `ingress`. The usage process for `ingress_per_unit` is very similar, the difference is `ingress_per_unit` provides ingress for each unit of the charm. A important feature is that `ingress_per_unit` does support listening ingress changes for all units of the charm, which is often useful for the leader unit to monitor the ingress status of the entire application. See the documentation page for details on this.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following steps assume we want to use `ingress`. Using `ingress_per_unit` is very similar, but the difference is `ingress_per_unit` provides ingress for each unit of the charm. An important feature is that `ingress_per_unit` supports listening for ingress changes for all units of the charm, which is often useful for the leader unit to monitor the ingress status of the entire application. See the documentation page for details on this.
```
Some nits on the wording
When you write "See the documentation page for details on this", are you referring to ttps://charmhub.io/traefik-k8s/libraries/ingress_per_unit or a different page?

> ### Fetch the latest `ingress` library

Reviewer: Since we're working on this guide, I'd like to make this section a bit clearer, maybe something like:
```suggestion
### Add `ingress` to your charm

First, fetch the latest `ingress` library:
```
This section is not just about fetching the library, but about adding it into a charm. But I'm open to suggestions on what the name of this section should be, if there's something more descriptive and accurate than what I have suggested!

- [`ingress`](https://charmhub.io/traefik-k8s/libraries/ingress)
- [`ingress_per_unit`](https://charmhub.io/traefik-k8s/libraries/ingress_per_unit)

> The following steps assume we want to use `ingress`. Using `ingress_per_unit` is very similar, but the difference is `ingress_per_unit` provides ingress for each unit of the charm. An important feature is that `ingress_per_unit` supports listening for ingress changes for all units of the charm, which is often useful for the leader unit to monitor the ingress status of the entire application. See the documentation page for details on this.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following steps assume we want to use `ingress`. Using `ingress_per_unit` is very similar, but the difference is `ingress_per_unit` provides ingress for each unit of the charm. An important feature is that `ingress_per_unit` supports listening for ingress changes for all units of the charm, which is often useful for the leader unit to monitor the ingress status of the entire application. See the documentation page for more details.
```

    def _foo(self):
        self.ingress.provide_ingress_requirements(host="foo.com", port=42)
```

Once you have added the `ingress` library the charm would need to be re-packed with `charmcraft pack`.

`IngressPerAppRequirer` will take care of communicating over the `ingress` relation with
`traefik-k8s` and notifying the charm whenever Traefik replies with an ingress URL or
that URL is revoked for some reason (e.g. the cloud admin removed the relation).

## Get the proxied endpoint exposed by Traefik

> You have added an ingress integration to your charm and you have deployed it alongside

Reviewer: Please remove this line :)
Specifically, please remove `You have added an ingress integration to your charm and you have deployed it alongside`. Since you already updated the text to be more instructional
